<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [Loader][1]
    *   [loadJSON][2]
        *   [Parameters][3]
    *   [includeJS][4]
        *   [Parameters][5]
    *   [loadJSONP][6]
        *   [Parameters][7]
*   [Playem][8]
    *   [Parameters][9]
    *   [setPref][10]
        *   [Parameters][11]
*   [currentTrack][12]
*   [SoundCloudPlayer][13]
*   [getEid][14]
    *   [Parameters][15]
*   [fetchMetadata][16]
    *   [Parameters][17]
*   [play][18]
    *   [Parameters][19]

## Loader

This class provides helpers to load JavaScript resources and JSON data.

### loadJSON

Loads and returns a JSON resource asynchronously, using XMLHttpRequest (AJAX).

#### Parameters

*   `src` **[string][20]** HTTP(S) URL of the JSON resource to load.
*   `cb` **dataCallback** Callback function with request's data as first parameter.

### includeJS

Loads a JavaScript resource into the page.

#### Parameters

*   `src` **[string][20]** HTTP(S) URL of the JavaScript resource to load into the page.
*   `cb` **errorCallback** Callback function with error as first parameter, if any.

### loadJSONP

Loads and returns a JSON resource asynchronously, by including it into the page (not AJAX).

#### Parameters

*   `src` **[string][20]** HTTP(S) URL of the JSON resource to load.
*   `cb` **[function][21]** Callback function, called by the resource's script.

## Playem

Plays a sequence of streaming audio/video tracks by embedding the corresponding players
into the page.

Events:

*   "onError", {code,source}
*   "onReady"
*   "onPlay"
*   "onPause"
*   "onEnd"
*   "onTrackInfo", track{}
*   "onTrackChange", track{}
*   "loadMore"

### Parameters

*   `playemPrefs` **[Object][22]** Settings and preferences.

    *   `playemPrefs.loop` **[Boolean][23]** If true, the playlist will be played infinitely. (default: true)
    *   `playemPrefs.playTimeoutMs` **[Number][24]** Number of milliseconds after which an error event will be fired, if a tracks was not able to play. (default: 10000, i.e. 10 seconds)

### setPref

#### Parameters

*   `key` **[string][20]** Key of the Playem parameter to set.
*   `val` **any** Value to affect to that `key`.

## currentTrack

Type: (TrackInfo | null)

## SoundCloudPlayer

## getEid

### Parameters

*   `url` **[string][20]**&#x20;

Returns **(SoundcloudId | [undefined][25])**&#x20;

## fetchMetadata

Best effort generation of metadata, based on URL.

### Parameters

*   `url` &#x20;
*   `cb` &#x20;

## play

### Parameters

*   `id` **SoundcloudId**&#x20;

[1]: #loader

[2]: #loadjson

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #includejs

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #loadjsonp

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #playem

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #setpref

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #currenttrack

[13]: #soundcloudplayer

[14]: #geteid

[15]: #parameters-5

[16]: #fetchmetadata

[17]: #parameters-6

[18]: #play

[19]: #parameters-7

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[21]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[22]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[23]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[24]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[25]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined
